[Music]
Marta you eh Now when you look
back and and and and and You remember the bad times
before all the hate you had on
social media and well both on television
first and then on social media all the hate
that the whole crowd had against you
Now all of a sudden I I don't even see it as if
we were live because of the time they
broadcast it and because I'm
working and because of and because of my time no So
then I watch the news I see
the clicks and everything but I always find out
that articles come out about you the
applauded Marta Riesco running behind
Bisbal the applauded Marta Riesco
on the bus with Patón you that now
how do you see it who would have told you well
I'm totally in a cloud Because I also
talk a lot with Marina eh I really
sincerely thought that I would never
work in television again or as a reporter I mean I
really thought so I mean Eh so
to think that you will never
work again in your life in what you
like the most in what you know is what you are
best at eh For reasons unrelated to your
work but for other issues that  They are
personal, eh, I felt so sorry for it. I
said, "Joe, how sad! I saw my
colleagues on television doing the
work that I used to do and I said, damn, I would have done this, I would have done that,
I would love to be there. I felt
so envious and I started to
deal with the fact that I wasn't going to
work on that again, I mean, I thought I was
n't going to. In fact, my mother reminded me, she
told me, "Hey Marta, no, no, I don't think you're
not going to work on this again, but
that you can work on other things that
you like." Look at the networks. Look at such
and such. Look at what. So, going from no longer being to the left was a minus 10 to the left and that nobody was betting on me that it got to the point of, Well, doubting my professionalism and whether I was good or not or whatever. And now,
suddenly, seeing all those articles by the
same people who denigrate me also makes me
super happy, I can't
tell you anything else, I feel happy. Do you think
that any of those people that I knock
down spoke to you about your work because I
recognize that on a personal level, eh, or
sentimental, because of the exposure. We have all
questioned things, we have done
better, we have done  worse But I'm talking to you
on a work level, do you think that those people
who have let you go, eh, some of them have been
able to regret it, has someone
told you something, eh Let's see, I've
received messages from colleagues, eh, well,
saying things like, I was, I've
always been the best reporter, that the
work I do is incredible,
but you know that people from the
mediet network directly haven't said anything to me,
but I do know that there are people talking about me
on other sides behind my back because it
reaches me. You know why,
eh, the comments they make valuing
my work, they make them to people I
know and like, Jo, this girl, for
example, now with the thing about Caiga quien
caiga, you know, they were saying, [ __ ], it's that Caiga quien
caiga is Marta Riesco, you know, totally,
totally. So it's true that I do
remember one time they told me that in
a fight that happened at a party, eh,
my name came up because they were a bit
angry at the reporters and such, that they
were standing around and someone said, what I
want are Martas Riesco, do you understand? Marta
Riesco, Marta Riesco,
then I'm excited, it makes me happy.
But for  on the other hand I can believe I
can imagine who said it and
everything when it comes to scolding someone at
work they say I want Marta Riesco
[ __ ] that super pride no but yes but
Marta Riesco at that moment was at
home you know So in the end
the comments reached me and I was out of
work then they
told us they tell us that this what this
that is happening to you is within
manufacturers and we don't believe it eh
totally I have turned around the turn around
of life eh the best the best Sorry
Marina the best decision without a doubt that I have
made in my life the I mean the best
decision I have made I have made decisions
that have been authentic [ __ ] but I
can tell you that the best decision I have
ever made was to pick up that
phone and and ask
manufacturers for a job You would be telling me the
same thing if you had accepted
survivors it would have been different
because I think that if I had
finally accepted survivors I would not have
gone back to work as a reporter that I do
see since I would have taken a step
too much let's do it I took other steps
but I think that the reality moment Look
Alexia Rivas well it is that Alexia Rivas  It's
true that as a reporter but cl
but no but as a
collaborator as a collaborator she
remains quite good for me and
Argumenta for me she has evolved very
positively you would have worked I think you would have
worked But well it's one
thing one thing that we will never know and the
important thing is how you are No now in the
end I said I was the first that
as soon as you started with that
interview that you gave that I was the
first that I said my God eh where has she gotten
into but because of your past with them and
because of everything you had lived through and because of Well
a little I said she has messed with the
enemy at home at first but then
yes it's true that the first few
weeks eh your evolution
your role your reports I say at
first I thought Marta is going to end badly
Marta goes AC and no and I give myself a stitch in
the mouth because you alone You alone you have there was
the risk there was the risk that
then they left of course it could be You know what
happens that obviously I also thought
that the story could go very badly for me
but it couldn't be worse now I said well
if there is a
0.0001 percent that this will turn out well for me  I'm going to
try because I'm not sure I
had no other option and besides I've been 2
years without any option so
eh When they call you from certain places and
tell you they want you but they don't
take you because of what happened with the
complaint of I don't know what, I don't know how many, the
trial, well in the end you say okay the
only people who are going to have the courage to
do something like that are them and in the end I
think they are also very
talented people and that yes yes yes Doing
television they are the best they don't let
people who are
good at their jobs get away so I
took a risk obviously I took a
very big risk and I thought during the first few
weeks that I could have made a mistake
but I didn't feel afraid you know I didn't feel it
because I said anyway if it's the thing
I was most afraid of in my life that would happen to me which
was that they would kick me out of Ana Rosa
happened to me and here I am well Well maybe it
was so to speak the best thing that
could have happened to you to get to where you are
now that I think at level O is the the
the satisfaction that you right now
have to feel at all levels
even your previous relationship that in the
end you suffer a lot  at all
levels But how you are right now on a
personal and professional level is brutal on a
personal level I am spectacularly
well I am brutal I mean
eh I don't recognize myself in the things that have
happened to me it's like I've forgotten
everything you know it's like okay Yes This is what
happened to me eh I became what I am
now but I no longer have resentment or
bad temper or because I am at
such a brutal peace in my life that the only thing I
want is to continue to do more in my work I mean to keep
aspiring and and and go
further Still in my work and on a
personal level I have a partner who is
incredible who helps me who loves me we
love each other and we are great then my
family sees me happy I have seen my
mother very bad my father very bad my
brother very bad and seeing them how proud they are I
mean right now the only thing I
could be better I think if we go
to the one you know you took it away from me I was going
to tell you before You are getting the face
of Spanish television but no well
the truth is we don't know sincerely we don't
know anything I wish I would like to But not
for nothing eh Because in ten I mean in
ten we have incredible freedom  I
am super grateful because it is
great to be there but it is true
that at the media level I get really
envious when I go to a photocall or
whatever and I see my colleagues with
tele5 consoles and some amazing
cameras eh with brutal coverage and
in the end a lot of my work
eh Well maybe it doesn't shine
enough as it should, let's say
it's a bit of a question of it's a bit of an
ego that's how it is ok no problem yes no
but it is true there are
connections there are connections that get cut off
No no that budget of course and that Hey
listen to me it's that I was with Roby
Williams and they
said he was going to give you a live Marta and
Of course you Imagine when the
production guy shows up with a eh mobile phone
like that you know and with Roby Williams well I would have
loved it Eh well an amazing
camera that could be seen in 4k but but look
so you can see Marta the reality You with
that mobile phone had much more
impact than in the 90s with the
big cameras but so you can see that
in the end the person does it the  it's
strong how strong was that thing that Hey, since we're
asking, well I would love to have that you
know that thing but well it's It's that I
said it before and you and we
talked about it recently and and I say it's that uh or
so the la what makes you be at peace with
yourself uh being well with yourself
loving yourself that your insecurities
gradually diminish and what
helps you is a favorable environment of a partner a
family that loves you a
job in which you are valued in which
you feel fulfilled for what is it that
I remember a year 2s years
ago and this this conversation like this
could not be happening Neither with you nor
with me nor with him it's that without or I mean it's
incredible how much everything can change eh
In the end I think I went through a very
difficult stage and I think that when I look at myself from the point of view of
love, that stage of mine eh It makes me very
sad because I feel that people were
tremendously unfair and that's how it is I mean
every time I go through it I have a bad time when I
remember things because I say [ __ ] what
injustice was committed against me or you know that
in the end when people say I
kind of agree with Javi when
People say it's incredible how
Marta has reinvented herself, well, how we like her.
Now it's not that I was the same, I
mean, I was the same, my work was the same, eh. What
happens is that the circumstances
weren't the same. So obviously
now people don't have anything
against me and they let me work, let them see
things. And leave it that way. But but of course,
before, I couldn't open my mouth
because everything I said or did was
taken badly. Now I have the freedom to
say, I say what I want, I do what I
want because there are people who may
or may not like it. Before, whatever I said,
damned, damned, and now, at
least I don't know, you know. Other
things are valued. Well, I've even seen
opportunism from people who would put you up to it,
all of a sudden. Oh Marta, how good you
are. I don't know about all the people. I think
that with Marta, at a professional level, you feel
that someone has questioned you at a
professional level because I've always seen
unanimity as to your
worth. I got a downpour for
defending her many times. Because they
called her everything, at a professional level, they
also called her.  of everything that she had two
degrees that a lot of things she told him
well that a
lot of things have been said to him Everything was worth it with her She
said many things many things but eh
in the end it is what I tell you Look I think
that when you work
eh In what you like hard and And it is that
in addition it is something that I am passionate about you know there are
people that put it there as if it were nothing
more and I love it so I
love my job so I try to
do it as best as possible every day I
try to entertain I try to give the best
of myself and the people who do not value it
what can I tell you but it is true that before I
did the same and they criticized it I know
who Javi is referring to eh I
love to be flattered I love to be
told lovely things but I also do not
forget the things that have been said to me it is
impossible it was also two years ago whatever
problems I had and I am that
Marta cannot say that I have
always agreed with her in everything when
she was involved as a character in a
mess Well there were things that I told her
well and things that she did not like so much
but if she was a good professional now she
was also a  3 years is that she was
3 years ago I imagine Marta
was older before, she was already older then one
thing is that you questioned or
criticized something that she said on the Internet or
whatever but it was another thing to
question her professionally, she was
also questioned no but maybe
she often felt Marta
like she was more misunderstood about everything that she
was going through and maybe when it came to
expressing herself she was more chamic was the
word or more impulsive more I
called it an outbreak but in a joking way So
sometimes but it's also very much
from the outside When you're not going through that then
when you go through it well you know
what the difference is now she
's very busy with her mind very
busy with a partner at her side who
values ​​her and gives her her place and she has what she
deserves and she doesn't have time to
waste it on half days like she used to waste it
before for example she wasted time on
things that weren't worth it Oh I'm going to
put this twitterer I don't know what I'm going to
put and it's not worth it because How do you
say the saying and they're going to tell me that you  I suck up
but that's how it is eh the
Lion doesn't look at the sheep or something like that no the
lion
doesn't have time for the sheep a thing as I don't know what the saying goes but you're absolutely right what you're saying I mean basically before I didn't have a job like the one I have now and I had a lot of time to waste on social media and looking at things that I should
n't
look at I freaked out but I freaked out and answered
You know Now it's true that the hate is minimal it's
minimal But what can I tell you You know It's that
sometimes that I see to
call them in some way
criticize me what I think but let's see
they are mobs but they are mobs it was
like the fashion and it was what they are to get on the that
happens today to this day Javi to
this day that some video has jumped on me
because they mention me and such so that I do
n't know to see if I sprout like you say
but they start talking about me like one
in particular that is that I can't even see him that I
can't I mean it's that I can't
even see him that it's that I'm not going to name him so that it does
n't happen so that  make
a video and such okay I see it has
300 views okay And what he talks about are
nonsense about subnormality but at
a level that I say but won't he be
ashamed Ah that's funny No idea no
idea but we're not talking about youtuber okay
But well it's understood But
for me it has always been professional
both
now and before I mean me if you
notice I don't send you a message of Oh
congratulations I don't know what Because it's that I do
n't anymore but it's true that it makes me it makes me
very happy and I have to
tell you that because that's how it is eh all
the messages that they send me now from
people saying how good it was to have discovered you
because I understand that before they didn't I I didn't
even give me the opportunity you know
So it's true that now I go to sleep
every day super happy because I go to
sleep with 50,000 positive messages The
good thing about everything that has happened to me is that I
don't get too high either You know
because as I know that this is
cyclical Well that's what I was going to tell you
that to me my mother always
told me that  The bad thing shouldn't be
paid too much attention to but that's exactly what
when it's a lot it abounds what is
very good is ephemeral in the sense that
maybe you say something that doesn't fit or
maybe right now you say I just gave you
an example because eh something bad about
Rocío Cardas and of that well half of it falls back on
you because they are like that I mean it's not it's not
a loyal audience no no I'm not
going to deny it I mean when I was for
example doing the idiot thing and such well
at the moment you when you're
doing it You don't know if this is funny if it's
not funny What
impact can this have you don't
know but once I remember that I
got home Alejandro was
waiting for me and he said oh my god what
program did you put on I don't know what And I remember that
was the first feedback I
got but the second time I got on my
phone and saw that it was a trending topic and I said oh
my god every time it was a trending
topic it was always for something bad it was like oh
my god my god and of course I always
Well of course but listen to me Javi that  I
cried I cried
tears were falling reading the messages and the
articles because I said it's that
when I was with that
depression they told me that this was going to happen to me and I
don't believe it man I don't believe it
because I'm not a person who comes
from nothing and suddenly you hit the
jackpot they put you to present imagine
whoever falls and you hit it big or for
example Cristina Pedroche who has had
like a career like that and has risen to the
top no no it's like mine has been that I
was fine and suddenly I fell into the hole and
now suddenly I'm back on top you know
So it's a good thing I have a really
good head on my shoulders that's
essential eh because if you don't handle
the management of emotions very well
both the good and the good you know I know I
mean how cool in that sense the
truth
[Music]